Readme states that there is no two-way syncing (#40)
coreos/issue-sync: README.md

# issue-sync

> Issue-sync is a tool for pushing GitHub issues to JIRA. It grew

Reviewer: Nit: maybe instead of pushing we can clarify “synchronizing issues from GitHub to JIRA” or “mirroring issues from ... in ...”

Author: I like the mirroring suggestion.

```suggestion
Issue-sync is a tool for mirroring GitHub issues in JIRA. It grew
```

out of a desire to maintain a public GitHub repo while tracking private
issues in a JIRA board; rather than require people to keep up with both
sources, we decided to make *one* the single source of truth. Note that 

> issue-sync works only one way and will **NOT** push issues from JIRA to 

Author: ```suggestion
issue-sync works only one way and will **NOT** mirror issues from JIRA to 
```

> Github.

Reviewer: Could you make the capitalization here consistent with the former?

Author: ```suggestion
GitHub.
```
